hey what's up I'm deke from relax calm
kind of lose my voice here got the Oh
Marlon Brando thing going on referencing
a dead man so I guess that's how bad i
might sound anyway well I want to show
you this is my shed but to transform the
rock shed AKA not a video on this one
yet but i'm slowly transforming a shed
that was previously disastrous into
something very dr. seuss Ian meets
Timothy lariam eat something else it's
like my youtube studio for the future
the year 2000 so on here's what i want
to show you though i'm getting ready for
the workshop as the camera whirs around
always getting ready for a workshop down
in Memphis Joey verson from Tennessee
tiny homes com Stephen Harrell from tiny
house listings calm myself and put the
workshop together as I back up here in
my shed 10 by 12 cool little wood stove
will do a video on down the road but I
had a bunch of windows a lot of which
I'm bringing down to the workshop we're
making a treehouse but I had a couple
windows and here's the dilemma all the
time what'd he do with windows if you
find him on the side of the road that
are all fogged up well you just leave
them because they're they're junk I had
a couple those had no real use for him
started using one of them as a backing
kind of almost like a table or surface
for spray-painting and as I did that I
said to myself you know what this hides
the fogging factor it's kind of fogging
cool terrible and looks kind of
interesting so I just started using a
little bit of snow stray spray paint
here and there framed it in with a bunch
of civil one by is not even a good job
at that put in a couple of hooks can you
see that some wire hanging it and the
overall effect is like this street art
punk meets redneck I won't call the
stained glass window but it has the same
kind of effect kind of interesting of
course you could get more actually RT
with it draw stuff on it but this I just
wanted some colors coming through
otherwise am I am I
shed here cabin this was a a no blank
recycled kind of boring storm window and
this kind of peppers it up just a little
bit so around here you'll see done
another videos a lot of weird homemade
art plastic owls horseshoe for good luck
another art piece I do allow this in the
side with scrap wood and materials and
sell them make some money for beer pizza
all that the place isn't nearly done yet
so I won't really show you and wearing
back around there you pretty much have
it I'm Derek dietrichson again relax
calm please subscribe to a channel if
you dig head of these weird projects and
thanks for watching see it